if you look at the bike lies do be sure
to check the link in description for
fifa coins down the song 45 pound 400km
xbox and three pound per 100km the
playstation use the code josh a check
out and you'll get your coins instantly
what's the lunch rush rio and welcome
back to a new episode of pack opens and
today there are 25 gay packs out i
mislike loads of good packs apparently
yesterday you know like 50k packs and
some of the like lightning round packs
that they were producing a couple of
weeks ago and but unfortunately they
were a bad timing and i was obviously
asleep and but yeah today we're going to
be open to 25 k i'll wear packs yeah i
think we managed to get Aguero and
DeMaria out of these packs see like two
days ago so hopefully we can manage to
grab something nice out of them again
but yeah let's get straight into these
packs and hopefully you all had a
fantastic christmas and hopefully have a
fantastic and safe boxing day as well
all right let's go first pack and we
managed to get rena that is terrible
second pack and we get PK and 5000 coins
so next pack we get ham chick fuck you
know we got so many players then but
none of them are really worth anything
i'll count drivers Wuerffel about she's
like 4k I think the spec on this account
and we managed to get in form or
Griezmann as well how much is eco if I
must be go for a bomb Haley we finally
got a good inform there we go 150 k
inform fuck yes god damn i normally get
some shitty inform that goes for like 10
k it's a miracle this might be my actual
good day for pax ok on to the next
account and the first 25 k pack we get
Pepe and valencia from the last pack for
this account and we managed to grab
laurice not sure how much he goes for
nowadays I can't imagine as much ok on
to the final five packs now hopefully we
can grab something better than griezmann
and we get wind really in the first pack
hell yes what a start ok guys we've come
up to the point where we're on the final
pack again I think two days ago he
managed to get demaria and our final
pack what can we pack in our final hack
and we managed to get
afro witzel anyways guys thank you guys
for watching hopefully had a fantastic
christmas day and hopefully I having an
even better boxing day hopefully I'll
enjoy your football because there's
plenty on to watch but and yeah thanks
for all the spot recently and onto the
new year we go and but pretty sick pack
opening today we got Rooney we've got
inform Griezmann I think he's the best
out of the team of the week so that is
absolutely awesome to grab him and I
might give him a go get him in the squad
but I laughter wait and see well pardon
that guy thank you guys watching if
didn't directly would like we're in
subscribe to my channel I from New India
follow me after it's a criminai for I
prefer my guys I'll see you guys
tomorrow peace